hey you guys so if you also saw the
garage and theaters recently or on
blu-ray if you're watching this in the
future you probably have some questions
regarding the villain of the movie
especially because this reboot we got
earlier this January had a storyline in
which The Grudge curse already existed
so the movie didn't really explain
anything so with that being said let's
get into the video where we look at the
movies villain and go over its backstory
and origins as well as to what
successfully kills and some ideas for
how you might be able to survive the
grudge's course a little longer with the
rules this movie sets up and of course
if I get anything wrong or you disagree
with something you can always comment
below but before we get into any of that
we need to take a very quick look at the
movie's storyline for context so the
movie opens up with a really basic and
still somewhat unclear description of
The Grudge it says that when somebody is
killed on a severe act of rage or even
grief the garage springs into existence
at the crime scene from there on the
curse is sort of like a piece of gum on
the floor as in that everyone who steps
into the location of the crime scene now
carries it around with them after this
brief explanation we follow Fiona
Landers who is in Tokyo 2004 where she's
a nurse at a house where the forces of
the garage are at play it's made clear
that she has the curse now - as she sees
it on the outside of the house and only
the people who have the curse can see it
she returns back to her family in the
United States at 40 for Raburn Drive
where she driven insane as seeing the
evil spirits of the garage murders her
husband and daughter before committing
suicide since the family was killed in a
fit of unjust rage the curse is now at
40 for Raburn Drive but the Landers
family as ghosts replacing the pale
woman from the original movies shortly
after that a real estate agent named
Peter Spencer enters the home since he
enters the home where the garages curse
sits he is now influenced and haunted by
the Landers family ghosts which leads
him to kill his pregnant wife and
himself it's after that in 2005 that
William Matheson and his wife faith move
into the house
faith Matheson goes on to kill her
husband but she survives and is later
committed to a hospital then in 2006 we
meet our main protagonist detective
Muldoon she's recently widowed and the
mother of young
and she out of curiosity for the
Matheson case enters the house and is
now also cursed throughout the movie she
learns more about what is happening to
her and also finds out about detective
Greco who was obsessed with the curse of
The Grudge and in 2005 under the
influence of The Grudge tried committing
suicide but survived and went on to be
committed into a mental hospital where
he lives for another year anyways
spoilers detective Muldoon dies at the
end by being killed by the ghost of
Melinda Landers and to be honest I
actually really liked her death scene
not that I enjoyed seeing her killed but
I thought the scene had a lot of tension
a cool twist and it didn't have one of
those obnoxiously loud and cheap jump
scares so I thought that part was done
pretty well honestly so that's a very
brief reminder of what happened in the
movie just so that everyone's memory is
refreshed now let's get into the
unanswered questions of the movie The
Grudge seems to be a fairly prominent
part of Japanese folklore and the story
that inspired the movies goes a little
something like this once in Japan there
was a girl named Kyoko
throughout her childhood she was very
lonely and had no friends even her
parents thought she was kind of weird
and they mostly kept their distance the
large amount of neglect and loneliness
she was exposed to cause her to be
depressed but when she finally grew up
she met Tycho
the only man who seemed to understand
and really care about her of course not
long after that they got married and
even had a son and they lived happily
ever after
I'm just kidding this is about to get
pretty messed up one day Tycho was
looking for something in the house Tycho
by accident did find something quite
interesting it was kayakers diary in
which she wrote about a man she had a
crush on but what echo didn't understand
is that this diary was really old and
back from her childhood and the two
never even did anything so to echo and
his mind puts two and two together and
thinks that kayako is currently cheating
on him with a mystery man of her Diaries
when kayako got home later that day she
saw that Tycho was extremely angry
Shelagh closer and saw Tycho holding a
knife he mercilessly attacked her in
front of their son and even though she
tried to escape she slipped on her own
blood and broke her ankle after which
Tycho snapped her neck she didn't die
Weimar she was only completely paralyzed
and by the way her neck being snapped is
what caused her to admit that
weird clicking sound but I'm afraid this
story's not over tackle left her in the
Attic to rob the Sun try to help her
multiple times and was constantly crying
Tyco then killed him too by drowning him
in the bathtub it's believed that KOCO
turned into an evil vengeful spirit that
has many powers such as superhuman
strength and teleportation she went out
to strangle tackle with her hair and
it's kayakers goal to sort of seek
revenge upon people who killed someone
else in bad blood and this story by the
way is real no I'm just kidding it's
just an urban legend but both the
Japanese and American film timelines
follow this story they do however change
it a little bit so that they can
introduce important characters for the
movie so the pale woman we see in the
movies is kayako
it's over we see in the beginning of the
film and she's the one who initiates the
curse in this reboot and as soon as the
pale boy we see in the originals so even
though the evil spirit does directly
kill detective Muldoon what the ghosts
mostly doing this movie is they
psychologically torment their victims
this eventually drives them to utter
insanity to where they start killing the
family and finally themselves and in
this movie the victims of the curse all
die after a different amount of time the
Spencer family dies after like two or
three days faith Matheson over goes on
to live for I believe close to a year if
not longer
so does detective Greco and I think it's
here that there is an opportunity to
survive the grudges curse a little bit
longer and not instantly die however
this only works with this movie as the
original movies have a slightly
different set of rules and the solution
is to commit yourself to a psych ward
the instant you start seeing the spirits
what the curse and the ghosts mostly do
in this movie is they try to drive you
insane to the point where you want to
kill yourself so just go to a psych ward
and tell them exactly what you're seeing
and the urges you have and they'll
probably put you in a straitjacket or
tie you up so that you can't physically
kill yourself and this is actually what
happens a detective Greco he tries to
shoot himself but fails leaving him
utterly disfigured he then gets put into
a mental hospital where he's under
constant supervision and he survives for
many months the same thing goes for
faith I think she first tries to harm
herself by cutting off her fingers but
she survives that
and also later on goes into a hospital
if wishes taken care of and she survives
her something like a year after the
curse got to her now The Grudge can
still come after you we saw this with
detective Muldoon it because she in the
end just gets beat up by Melinda Landers
and something that literally looked like
some sort of back-alley street fight so
the curse can still get you but faith in
Greco survived that many months longer
than Muldoon and she would have been
much better off going to a mental
hospital because they're just like
records she would have probably survived
much longer so go put yourself into a
mental hospital as soon as you start to
see the ghosts because it seems to me
that it's either maybe you live or
definitely die and I'll take my chances
with maybe you live and again this only
works with the rules of this movie this
would not work on the originals because
there it's much more common that the
ghosts physically mess with you but in
this reboot they mostly play the mental
game so that's it for this video again
if you have any objections or questions
let me know down below because it is
possible that I missed something but I
still hope that you guys enjoyed this
and that I get to see you in the next
video thanks for watching